Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/Preferences/File_Locations.rst

--------------
VisIt_ manages various files associated with its operation.  In most cases where
VisIt_ saves or loads data from files, the user is presented with a file browser

> dialog and can explicitly choose arbitrary locations on the filesystem to look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dialog and can explicitly choose arbitrary locations on the file system to look
```

`Custom Plugin <http://visitusers.org/index.php?title=Building_plugins_using_CMake>`_ Files
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
* Location and file name(s): There are separate directories in ``VUSER_HOME``
  for *private*, user-specific operator, database and plot plug-ins. On UNIX/macOS,
  these are

  * ``VUSER_HOME/<visit-version>/<visit-arch>/plug-ins/operators/``
  * ``VUSER_HOME/<visit-version>/<visit-arch>/plug-ins/databases/``

>   * ``VUSER_HOME/<visit-version>/<visit-arch>/plug-ins/plots/``

Reviewer 2: this change needs to be reverted.
